after a long absence Stephanie the
Bluebell engine was back on Sodor he had
been loaned from the Bluebell Railway
data track controller to help out during
the summer holidays the other engines
were pleased to see him again and
Stepney was pleased to be back on Sodor
that night Thomas the Tank Engine was
returning to the sheds after a hard
day's work
when he arrived he found that the sheds
were totally empty except for one engine
excuse me what who on Sodor I you
consider a you I'm Thomas the Tank
Engine you know the star of the show the
title character
oh I'm Stepney the Bluebell engine the
what engine the Bluebell engine oh oh I
thought the slender engine got you the
what the slender engine the never mind
you're in my spot what you're in my spot
what are you talking about there are
five spots what difference does it make
listen mr. fancy white buffers that is
my spot and I'm sleeping here tonight
like I do every night
clearly not
fine have it your way yeah that's right
puff away ah home sweet home this is an
over tank engine oh no it's over
look the shorts finished hello everyone
I'm Thomas the Tank Engine to watch more
videos now click the green truck to
watch more videos in the future click
the red truck to subscribe thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time